fix(css): define terms in layer-cascade diagram (#36656)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@layer/index.md

![Diagram showing cascade layer priorities](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/css/at-rules/layer-cascade.svg)

As noted in the above diagram, _important declarations_, declarations with the `!important` flag, have priority over _normal declarations_, or regular declarations without the `!important` flag. The order of precedence among important rules is the inverse of normal rules. Transitions have the greatest precedence. Next in order of highest to lowest priority are the important {{glossary("user agent")}} declarations, important user declarations, and important author declarations; in that order. Users can specify styles using browser preferences, operating system preferences, or browser extensions. Their important declarations take precedence over _author, or _web developer written, important declarations. 

> Within author styles, all important declarations within CSS layers take precedence over any important declarations declared outside of a layer, while all normal declarations within CSS layers have a lower priority than declarations declared outside of a layer,```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within author styles, all important declarations within CSS layers take precedence over any important declarations declared outside of a layer, while all normal declarations within CSS layers have a lower priority than declarations declared outside of a layer,
```

![Diagram showing cascade layer priorities](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/css/at-rules/layer-cascade.svg)

> In the above diagram,
> 
> - [_User agent_](/en-US/docs/Glossary/User_agent) means a web browser.
> - _User_ means the person using a browser to view the page. Users can specify styles using browser preferences, operating system preferences, or browser extensions.
> - _Author_ means the web developer who is writing the CSS code.
> - [_Important declaration_](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/important) means properties with `!important` flags.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As noted in the above diagram, _important declarations_, declarations with the `!important` flag, have priority over _normal declarations_, or regular declarations without the `!important` flag. The order of precedence among important rules is the inverse of normal rules. Transitions have the greatest precedence. Next in order of highest to lowest priority are the important {{glossary("user agent")}} declarations, important user declarations, and important author declarations; in that order. Users can specify styles using browser preferences, operating system preferences, or browser extensions. Their important declarations take precedence over _author, or _web developer written, important declarations. 

Within author styles, all important declarations within CSS layers take precedence over any important declarations declared outside of a layer, while all normal declarations within CSS layers have a lower priority than declarations declared outside of a layer,```

Reviewer: "normal" is used elsewhere on our site, so we can use the word, but we should define it. The image should be fully described either in the alt attribute or outside of it. In this case, everyone can learn from it, so suggested the text above as a description including the content you proposed and the content from the image.  I did suggest replacing the draw.io with a more simple and more accessible version. we can put the word "normal" back in the image since we are defining it here now.
